[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 2009 zombie comedy film zombie
land so let's get started
two months have passed since a strain of
mad cow disease mutated and turned
people into zombies survivors use their
city of origin as nicknames college
student Columbus is making his way
through his college dorm in Texas to
Columbus Ohio to see whether his parents
are still alive he encounters
Tallahassee who allows Columbus to
travel with him the pair meets Wichita
and her younger sister Little Rock in a
grocery store
the sisters trick Tallahassee and
Columbus into handing over their weapons
by pretending that Little Rock is
infected by the disease and then steal
their Escalade the men find a yellow
Hummer h2 loaded with weapons and then
go after the sisters
however the girls spring another trap
and take them as hostages Tallahassee
steals his gun back and has a standoff
with Wichita until Columbus makes them
realize that there are bigger problems
resulting in a truce the sisters
revealed that they are going to the
Pacific Playland amusement park in Los
Angeles an area supposedly free of
zombies after alerting his hometown has
been destroyed and his parents are
likely killed Columbus decides to
accompany the others to California
Columbus persistently tries to impress
Wichita when the group reaches Hollywood
Tallahassee takes them to Bill Murray's
mansion Tallahassee and Wichita meet
Murray who disguises himself as a zombie
so he can safely walk around town Murray
is killed however when Columbus shoots
him mistaking him for a real zombie
during a practical joke Wichita becomes
attracted to Columbus and Tallahassee
bonds with Little Rock Wichita fears
attachment and leaves with Little Rock
for the Pacific Playland the next
morning Columbus and Tallahassee go
after them at Pacific Playland
the sisters activate all the rides and
lights but it draws attention that the
zombies in the surrounding areas the
sisters are trapped on a drop tower ride
when Tallahassee and Columbus arrived
Tallahassee lures the zombies away
creating a distraction for Columbus to
reach
the tower Tallahassee locks himself in a
game booth shooting zombies as they
arrive Columbus reaches the tower and
helps the girls down Wichita kisses
Columbus and reveals her real name
Christa the group leaves Pacific
Playland as the film ends so that was
the spoilers for zombie land if you have
another film you'd like to see us spoil
please let us know in the comments below
check out movie's spoiler alerts on
Instagram and remember to Like and
subscribe thanks for watching